Let's go over a top-down model that focuses on bookings for sales person.
The model is divided into four portions here.
We're starting with an assumptions about the dollar amount we need in bookings.
Then we figured out how much time and
effort it would require to get to generate those bookings.
Let's look at this more closely.
We start with an assumption about
how productive this sales person who we are going to hire will be.
We measure this in terms of the number of opportunities being generated,
and then we look at how much revenue on average
would this person generate per unit and per an opportunity.
We use these assumptions to arrive at
the average size of opportunity we can expect the sales person to generate.
Then we make assumptions about how much time and
effort it will take us to arrive at those bookings.
For this, we project out when we will hire the person.
Then based on our sales historical data,
we come up with the assumption that a new sales member would take
X number of months to get up to speed to start generating those leads and bookings.
Then finally, we use the ramp time and the average size of opportunity assumptions,
to project out when he will see the bookings that we expect this person to generate.
As you can see, we get to the final bookings number for each sales team member and month,
by starting with our bookings in the more broad sense and
then narrowing down to each person and month.